# **Course:** 01VRP: Introduction to Web Applications (2025/2026)
# Exam Project 16/07/2026

## Student Information
- **Name:** Buratti Camilla  
- **Student ID:** 328307

## Url for the web application
http://camillaburatti.pythonanywhere.com

## Simulated Current Time
- **Simulated Day:** Monday
- **Simulated Time:** 19:00

## User credentials
**Guild Master**
- username: Rhysand  |  password: password123

**Guild Council Administrator**
- username: Cauldron  |  password: password123

**Adventurers**
- username: Cassian  |  password: password123  
**Action:** Booked 2 places as a **Warrior** for *Session 1* (Infiltration Under the Mountain, Monday 10:00).

- username: Azriel  |  password: password123  
**Action:** Booked 1 place as a **Mage** for *Session 2*(Infiltration Under the Mountain, Monday 15:00).

- username: Feyre  |  password: password123  
**Action:** Booked 2 places as a **Warrior** for *Session 1* (Infiltration Under the Mountain, Monday 10:00).

- username: Nesta  |  password: password123  
**Action:** Booked 1 place as a **Healer** for *Session 3* (Blood Rite Survival Challenge, Tuesday 09:00).

## Testing Instructions 
- The quest session with fully booked roles is Session 1 (Infiltration Under the Mountain, scheduled for Monday at 10:00), where the Warrior category has reached its maximum capacity of 4 places.
- To test the 8-hour modification limit, check quest session 2 (Infiltration Under the Mountain, Monday at 15:00) which is locked, and quest session 3 (Blood Rite Survival Challenge, Tuesday at 09:00) which is still modifiable since it starts more than 8 hours after the simulated time.

## Additional Notes
- Target Device: Desktop.
- All the images were generated by AI for convenience and practicality.
- All the links in the footer section aren't working, they are for visual layout purposes only.